Initial Install
-	This software is standalone and can be installed without any additional frameworks or libraries.

Login
-	Before any games can be played, the user must login. If they don’t have a user credential saved,
    they can create an account and will automatically be logged in.

Play
-	When the user clicks play, they are greeted by the options screen where they can choose the
    number of minigames they will play, the difficulty they will play at, and if they will have ads
    showing or not.

Continue
-	If a user closes the app halfway through playing a minigame, their play session will be saved
    and, upon returning to the app, they can press continue to start playing at the last level they
    left on.

Minigame Breakdown
-	All our minigames have a goal of achieving the most points possible in the given time frame.
    This time frame is affected by the selected difficulty, but all point values are constant
    across difficulties.

1.	Forest Runner
    The goal of this game is to progress the most rows possible. The field is split into 3 columns
    that the player can occupy. For each row in the path ahead, up to 2 blocks will contain trees
    that prevents the player from progressing when in the same column as the player. The space
    directly in front of the player is free, the player will automatically progress to the next
    row until another obstacle is encountered.

2.	CS Quiz
    This functions like a standard trivia game. The user is given a question and 4 potential
    answers. They then will select one of the options and will either receive points when selecting
    the correct one or will be forced to continue to the next question when selecting the wrong one.

3.	Laptop Tap
    The user must tap the image of the laptop as many times as possible. Points are given for each
    tap, and the laptop has a simple two frame animation that is played every two taps.

4.	Item Select
    The user is given 6 different image buttons, a prompt to select one of the six images by its
    name. If the user selects the right image, they are given pints and a new set of images and
    prompts are generated. If the user selects the wrong image however, a red x appears, and they
    are blocked from selecting other buttons for a few seconds.

Cheats
-	In every minigame, tapping the timer gives the player an extra 100 points. This can be done as
    many times as the player chooses.
